When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

Both to keep changes in sync across computers (say home laptop and work desktop) and to collaborate with others.
You could pull, work on things, then push so collaborators can pick up where you left off (or work simultaneously).

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

   Because git doesn't know when you have reached a good place for a commit.
   One of the strongest arguments for a version-control system vs something like
   Dropbox is that idea of meaningful changes get updated not all changes (if you are keeping track of commits.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A clone is copy of repository either locally or one between local and remote.
    A fork is a clone of one github repository to another such that the 2nd can't modify the first unless the owner of the first allows it. (But the connection to the source of the clone is clear. A branch is a new editing path for a repository.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It allows you to compare the last-known state of the remote repository with your local one without having to connect (internet) to the remote repository.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Could pass files back and forth (as we often do), but then keeping track of the latest (and old) versions is tough. Could do real time writing on Google docs -- it has version history, right? But have to be online? Other issues with this approach?

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When you want feedback and other eyes to make sure you aren't breaking master. For things that aren't bug fixes per se, but rather subjective changes, you might want to get feedback through pull requests first.
